Use `Clock` interface for PSR-6 operations (#207)
laminas/laminas-cache: docs/book/v3/psr6.md

Not all adapters can natively store all these types. For instance, Redis stores booleans and integers as a string. Where
this is the case *all* values will be automatically run through `serialize()` on save and `unserialize()` on get: you
do not need to use a `Laminas\Cache\Storage\Plugin\Serializer` plugin.

## Time-Related Operations

> By default, the PSR-6 cache decorator uses the systems timezone to determine cache expirations. This can be changed by
> passing an `lcobucci/clock` `Clock` implementation to the `CacheItemPoolDecorator#__construct`.
> By doing so, the method `CacheItemInterface#expiresAfter` uses that `Clock` to calculate the cache items TTL when passing
> a `DateInterval` instance.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure we actually need a clock for this but there might be edge-cases where a TTL of for example `7 days` might get different results depending on DST transitions. Though I'm not really sure that makes that much of a difference for user-land. For the testing purposes it definitely makes sense as we can skip calling `sleep` as we can return different datetimes in different calls to `now` so we can "simulate" passing of a certain amount of time. 

```suggestion
By default, the PSR-6 cache decorator uses the systems time to determine cache expirations. This can be changed by
passing a [`stella-maris/clock`](https://packagist.org/packages/stella-maris/clock) `Clock` implementation to the `CacheItemPoolDecorator#__construct`.
By doing so, the method `CacheItemInterface#expiresAfter` uses that `Clock` to calculate the cache items TTL when passing
a `DateInterval` instance.
```

```php
use Lcobucci\Clock\SystemClock;

> $clock = new SystemClock('Antarctica/Troll');

Reviewer 2: Best timezone
